AST-2857 -  scroll id issue (#4914)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v4.0.1

> - Fix : Scroll to id issue with anchor links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix : Scroll to Id - Navigation hash link which redirect to other page's section is not clickable.
```
